hi i'm julian anger and by now you've
been searching the internet and looking
for different sites that might help you
in your search for a treatment for your
problems i am a neurologist and i
practice medicine that is confined to
disorders of the brain spinal cord
peripheral nerve and muscle but that
means in layman's terms diseases that
produce pain numbness paralysis
headaches and disorders of balance by
now you've probably feeling quite
frustrated in your search for some
answers to your pain some answers to
your chronic neurological disease and i
hope that in the next few minutes you'll
take the time to tour our practice here
as you explore this website
Neri how are we not not good my left the
middle of my like right here down to my
left left hip okay here at the office I
am employed as the medical assistant for
dr. Unger and I am also the office
manager for the neurology pain
management aspect side of dr. Hager okay
what happened here shortly to you um I
am the office assistant am I normally
just make the scheduling also do like a
lot of the filing and pretty much stuff
like that my role here is what's called
the en D technician which stands for
electro neuro Diagnostics and I
basically I shock people for a living I
test all in there I can test any nerve
in your body we look for pinched nerves
damaged nerves and actually some
diseases which can affect the nerves all
right so I'm going to set you up here
push your thumb up and relax
push it up
I worked at other places where we tended
to run the people through like a mill
hurry up get the test done crunch the
numbers get it you know as many people
done in his day as you can I think that
extra time that we take with the
patience really pays off
it gives dr. Unger an edge over other
doctors as far as making diagnosis and
then you have been to the physical
therapist adjust the county hospital
right have that helped ya keep you know
keeps a muscle tone and this helps it
from atrophy
right yeah they cut me from here to go
but right here right the original fall
that precipitated this fracture did you
fall because you slipped or because you
suddenly lost consciousness if they're
lost time consciousness yeah I do
because afterwards that happened to
three other times after that was titled
it here were you working on them
probably sleeping on that hard bed
lovely I am the physical therapist slash
massage therapist I do manual therapy
which is the massage on patients where
after the doctor instructed me to do it
I do electrical muscle stimulation
heated ultrasound moist heat ie specs
and you feel that oh yeah is it to
stronger that's right that's right
okay leave all right there for ya I will
what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna keep
your paper I'm gonna give you one of my
cards with my extension and phone number
and you can call me and let me know
what's good for you to come back okay
this practice affords me access to a
whole range of patients a whole range of
socio-economic groups a whole range of
physical and mental types of people that
come through the door we see young kids
with a DD ADHD seizure disorders all the
way up to octogenarians and that really
gives me a lot of encouragement both in
my own and challenges and spiritual
struggles and in terms of my feeling
that we are we are contributing
so these are the sort of ideas that
influence and permeate the philosophy of
this practice and as you will see as you
explore this website we hope you will
get some understanding of what we're
about I also invite you to click on my
poetry on the poetry section the essays
are my reflections in medicine and even
the theological essays that I have
posted thank you